Let's make a small modification to our app right now.
If the user signs in they are able to still access the sign and page which we don't want them to be
able to do because they're still able to trigger any of the code in our sign in mess with the author
flow.
We don't want that.
If they're already signed in so how do we do that.
Well what we want to do is we want to set it so that if there have a current user inside of our application
they shouldn't be able to access the sign in row.
And in order to write that code we're gonna need two things.
The first is we're going to need the redirect component from RAC writer Dom and then the second thing
is we're gonna need the current user from our redux date.
So just like we did in our header we're gonna need a concept map state to props and off of our state
we're gonna d structure off our user reducer and what we'll return is our current user prop which is
equal to user dot current user and now we're able to pass are maps.
It's a prop store connect so that we have access to this stop prop stop current user now inside of our
route we're gonna switch this first to exact and then instead of this sign in and sign up component
property we're going to use render and render you can imagine is exactly like the render key that we
use in our class components it's a JavaScript in location that determines what component to return in
the same place where component would be instead it'll be some javascript.
So here we can say that it will be a function
that will determine based off of are this stop prop stock current user.
Right.
Because if it's present then what we want to render is our redirect component that we just imported
and all it takes is that to property that tells it where we want them to redirect to and then if not
that we want to instead render our sign in and sign up page and that's all there is to it.
So now if we go to our app we'll see that we no longer are able to access sign in right.
It'll redirect us.
So now not only do we want that if we hit sign out and let's say we got to sign in.
If we sign in it should redirect us to our home page.
Okay.
So now that we have our redirect setup one more modification that we should make is to our action.
So right now we saw that we're using this string.
Hardcoded string right and in our reducer we're referencing the same string but one best practice that
we can implement is to make sure that it's consistent in any place that might be referencing this string.
So what we'll make is a new file called user dot type stuff.
J us and what we're gonna export from this file will be an object called user action types and on it
will be the value that points to that exact string and now in our reducer we are just going to import
that in let's just
use the autocomplete and it should be user action types and instead of set current user we will say
see user action type stuff set current user.
So now we know that it's constant and we won't have accidental typos and not know why our code is not
working we'll do the same thing in our action or import user action types from our user types.
Dot J us and we'll just use the value.
And now if we look we see our code is still working the same.
OK.
So now we've done our modifications let's commit this code as well so we'll check the status and we'll
say get ad get commit updating our app to redirect to home if user is signed and then we'll get push
and let's keep building.